Boston Blue Bike Behavior Browser created by
Alexander Chang, Gavin Mooallem, and Shreya Mitra.
The visualization focuses on one month of data,
September of 2022, and displays a map of Boston
and a calendar on the right at the start.
Stations marked on the map are color coded
to indicate the number of trips taken from that
station, with red stations having a higher number
of trips. If we hover over the stations, we can
see the total number of trips from that station.
The calendar is color coded to show which
days had more trips, the deeper the orange,
the more trips. Again, hovering over
will show us the number of trips.
When we select a day or range of days, we can
see the map data change, because now it’s only
reflecting the data from those days. If we
were to now zoom in and select a station,
we can see the bar chart on the right, showing the
stations that trips ended at. As we can see here,
the most common destination for people starting
at MIT at Mass Ave / Amherst St is Beacon St at
Massachusetts Ave. We can also change the
threshold for appearing on this bar chart,
allowing us to more easily visualize the data. As
we can see here it's kind of crowded, but if we
up the threshold, requiring a minimum of around
a hundred trips to be on this list, we can see
that there's really only one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven stations that fit this criteria.
When a station is selected, hovering
over another station will show exactly
how many trips were between them, and hover- and
highlight the corresponding bar on the bar chart,
as we can see here, the Deerfield St at
Commonwealth Ave had 126 trips from MIT/Mass Ave.
All of these tasks can be done with custom date
filters, so I have these three days, but I could
add a few more, or I could remove more, or
just have the full month of September data.